Lord, what is your crime?
Lord Ma
You quickly find someone to protect one of the gods, you bastard
Standing in front of you is Lord Long Shuai
Can this be fake?
Lord Ma, it seems that you are still in the dark.
What do you mean?
I take my personality for this
Is pretending to be handsome
Not just you
Even Lord Li Wei of the Governor's Palace
And many overseas Shichen VIPs
It's impossible to be deceived by him
Lord Longyu told me that he is Long Shuai
This is Chu Chen's inspection
Is that what you want?
Since Lord Long Shuai can speak
Then Lord Long Ning is not impossible
It means that Lord Dragon Shadow is pretending to be right
And I also heard that this sovereignty is in Beijing
Leiguo's war achievements and Lord Longying are saved
Even if Lord Dragon Shadow is real
It was just a play with him
Lord Ma, you have been deceived by him so miserably.
Ma Long
Are you just relying on their side of the story?
Do you want to question the identity of this handsome?
subordinates dare not
None of that is enough to prove he's a fake.
Is there any evidence?
Three days ago at the wedding of the century
Sovereign has said it himself
To dismiss Lord Li Wei
Also send me
Jia Fa was sent to Ninguta to be an armored man
But to this day, Lord Li Wei still instructs here
I, Feng Jia, am also safe and sound?
Not a teacher, we are not in college
The old handsome is talking about it here.
Then we'll go first.
Please wait a moment.
What about this?
I will definitely give you a satisfactory answer.
As the saying goes, the Lord of the Dragon Society kills without being a man
Never had the strength to open from day to day
It's really not like Long Shuaixin.
Could it be that I was really deceived?